9: FUN NEWS
  
  
PRODIGY KID AWES MATHEMATICIAN WITH... PIE? 
Famous local mathematician in kingdom has been stunned by the findings of a new mathematical constant by a little kid. This little anon claims 'pie' is said to be a number that extends forever. In outrage, mathematicians are calling for a public execution due to the claims that 'pie" surpasses god. 
  
BALLOON ATTACK LEAVES TOWNSMEN STUNNED 
4 drunk men on the break of lunar dawn claim to have been assaulted by balloons. Outside a bar at 3-past-sun-dial, these men claim to minding their own business when begin to be verbally harassed by balloons floating their way. Loud popping then ensues, which force these men to escape. All 4 men aim to seek litigation against these balloons. Many doubt the validity of the drunken situation, however the court date will precede as normal. 
  
MAN ACCIDENTALLY SELLS SELF AT AUCTION 
This weeks' auction was special as many people arrived hoping buy some very rare items. Taken place in the local agora, comradery was shared and drinks were passed around. It was discovered to be a lively and bright atmosphere for many townsfolk. On the brink of excitement, the auctioneer started a bidding for himself, quite literally, in which was reported that he lost. His owner is said to be please with his purchase. 
  
ROYAL DOG ISSUES FIRST PUBLIC BARK AT KINGDOM ULRIC 
A couple days before the great harvest at 1-before-sun-dial, royal dog Sir Floofens has issued what was to be claimed his first 'bark'. The whereabouts are claimed to be held within the royal garden. Praised for his actions by Queen Victoria, this public statement is said to be a landmark in the history of our time. 
  
MAN CURES CANCER WITH STICK - WOULD COMMON PERSON HAVE MORE PRIDE? 
A man said to be previously diagnosed with cancer has no longer shown symptoms of this disease. In response to asking his method of curing, he began to pick up a nearby stick and poke his armpit in which then our news people retreated. To this date the cure is still not known, however some people has claimed to see the 'unseeable'. 
  
JOUSTING WRAP UP: CAN PRINCE BENEDICT FINALLY WIN? 
As local jousting season approaches, Prince Benedict has yet again proclaimed to place in first after coming second to last after last years' season. After the executions of the previous jousters for disorderly conduct, our experts say that his chances are said to be increased this season. Will Prince Benedict ever place first? 
  
STAR-SHAPED LEAVES CAUSING DEMONIC BEHAVIOR 
There have been 3 reported cases of common laymen turning into demons after inhaling an unidentified substance. Known to come from a rare plant, once rolled up and lit on fire, this substance emits a smoke that is said to incapacitate people into letting demons enter their soul. These men are now known to be under stable condition, but their whereabouts are unknown as they are being hunted for witchcraft. 
  
CRAZED MAN PLUGS CHICKEN AND YELLS "BEHOLD, A MAN!" 
During mid-auction, known crazy man interrupts bidding, and holds chicken up, plugs it with a cork, and yells, "behold! I've brought you a man!" This man referred to as Diogenes has had a previous history of public disgrace, and poor attitude towards King Henry. He is also known to live in a tub at local park. King Henry recently issued a warning to stay from this possessed individual. The dangers of this man are currently unknown.

MISSING WOMAN JOINS SEARCH PARTY LOOKING FOR HERSELF 
Families traveling together to the local agora is a common thing to do nowadays. However, a woman who joined a kingdom-wide search after a member of her party went missing was able to help track down the missing woman - when she realized it was herself they were looking for. The woman is now said to have been given a map and a name tag from Prince Benedict so she'll be able to find herself easier.